Docs, fit.py, plot.py, io.py, useful_functions.py, many other small changes (#35)
discsim/frank: docs/quickstart.rst

.. |br| raw:: html

    <br>

Performing a fit
================

You can interface with Frankenstein (``frank``) to perform a fit in 2 ways:
**(1)** run the code directly from the terminal or **(2)** use the code as a Python module.

Perform a fit from the terminal
-------------------------------

To perform a quick fit from the terminal, only a UVTable with the data to
be fit and a *.json* parameter file (see below) are needed. A UVTable can be extracted

> from CASA via xx as demonstrated in `this tutorial <tutorials/xx>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with CASA as demonstrated in `this tutorial <tutorials/xx>`_.
```

The column format should be `u [m]     v [m]      Re(V) [Jy]     Im(V) [Jy]     Weight [Jy^-2]`.

If you specify `load_dir`, `save_dir` and `uvtable_filename` in the default parameter file,

> you can perform a fit using the default parameters with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(see below how to get a parameter file template) you can perform a fit using the default parameters with
```

.. code-block:: bash

    python fit -m --p <parameter_filename.json>

That's it! By default frank saves the fitted brightness profile as a *.txt*,
the visibility domain fit as a *.npz*, UVTables for the **reprojected**
fit and its residuals, and a figure showing the fit and its diagnostics.

Here's an example for a frank fit to the DSHARP continuum observations of the protoplanetary disc
AS 209 (`Andrews et al. 2018 <https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2018ApJ...869L..41A/abstract>`_).

 xx add figure with caption xx

Perform a fit using the code as a library
-----------------------------------------

To interface with the code more directly, you can use it as a library.

First import some basic stuff from frank and load the data
(again using the DSHARP observations of AS 209, available as a UVTable
`here <https://github.com/discsim/frankenstein/blob/master/tutorials/AS209_continuum.dat>`_).

.. code-block:: python

    from frank.constants import rad_to_arcsec
    from frank.radial_fitters import FrankFitter
    from frank.geometry import FitGeometryGaussian
    from frank.fit import load_uvdata, output_results

    u, v, vis, weights = load_uvdata('AS209_continuum.dat')

> Now run the fit using the :py:class:`FrankFitter <frankenstein.radial_fitters.FrankFitter>` class.

Reviewer 2: Again frankenstein->frank

Also check the inline cases
